# Twitter+
Welcome to *Twitter+*! Twitter allows you to take your thoughts, experiences, and more to connect with others all throughout the world! The Twitter App takes Twitter to a simpler level for a more comfortable experience.
## Features
Once on the Twitter App, you will be greeted to the For You page. This page is directly next to the following page at the top, which can be tapped to switch to your following page. These pages are a part of the home page. The home page is one of four options to tap through. You also have an explore page to either search anything you want, or explore one of five different preset pages. You have a notifications page for anything sent to you or that you wished to be notified about. The final page at the bottom is for messages where you can message others, and others can message you. While on any page other than messages, there is a blue button with a plus that you can tap to make a Tweet! This button turns into a button to create a new message, if you are in the messages page. While on any page, there is an icon at the top left that can be tapped to open a sidebar for your account, profile, bookmarks, lists, settings, and a help center. At the top right is a cog icon which opens a side bar for settings based on which page you are on.
## Tweets and Engagement
Whenever a tweet is made, anyone can interact with it! Once a tweet has been made and you have viewed it, there are a few things you can do! There are three options at the bottom to directly interact with the tweet, replying, retweeting, and liking. You use the speech bubble at the bottom left to reply to the tweet, you use the rotating arrows in the middle to retweet the tweet, and you use the heart at the bottom right to like the tweet. Other than that, at the top right of tweets there is are three dots that can be tapped to do a few more things. You can follow the person that made the tweet, add/remove it from a list, block the person that made the tweet, or report the tweet. Please be kind and respectful and make sure to report anything or anyone that isn't!
## Help and Support
Any questions can be asked or may have already been answered on the [Support Center](https://www.ThisHasToBeChanged.com/).
